Notification has been sent 150 times to +4(351) 455 22 44 successfully. +1(431) 542 56 12 is unreachable
When hero Adam Warlock takes possession of the artifact known as the Infinity Gauntlet, he expels the good and evil
aspects of his being to become a totally logical being, who can therefore use the Gauntlet wisely. This act recreates
his "evil" persona and old foe the Magus, who desires universal conquest and revenge against Warlock and the Titan
  Thanos. (Meanwhile, the effectively emotionless Adam is brought before a "jury" of the cosmic powers and voluntarily
   surrenders his godhood once he is found to be "guilty" of being unworthy.[1]) The Magus collects five cosmic
   containment units (another name for the Cosmic Cubes), and with the power gained incapacitates the cosmic entity
   Eternity; creates an interdimensional realm and an army of doppelgängers—evil "mirror" images of Earth's superheroes.
After investigating +3(956) 456 22 11 the energy of the containment units, Thanos discovers the Magus and retreats to warn Warlock.
Galactus and several of Earth's heroes also investigate and then attempt to revive Eternity, as the entity will be
required to petition the Living Tribunal, +7(912) 452 25 34 who has decreed that the Infinity Gems can no longer be used in unison in
the Earth-616 universe. The rationale is that if the Gauntlet can be reactivated, then the Magus can be removed from
 existence. The Magus sends the doppelgängers to Earth to distract the heroes, and the evil version of Mister Fantastic
  detonates a gamma bomb when the heroes assemble at Four Freedoms Plaza. However, the Invisible Woman contains the
   blast while Thunder God Thor directs the radiation into space, and a surprise attack by the Magus and the
   doppelgänger of Thanos has the heroes +4(351) 455 believing the two characters are now allied.
The story climaxes at the Magus' base: a group of heroes free those who were replaced by doppelgängers; cosmic
adventurer Quasar arrives with the Ultimate Nullifier (with Thanos goading Quasar to use it against the Magus
knowing that Quasar would also be destroyed) and villains Kang the Conqueror and Doctor Doom appear, hoping to
harness the source of the powerful energies detected.